docs: add Safe 3 and Safe 5 in documentation (#4228)
trezor/trezor-firmware: core/README.md

# Trezor Core

> Firmware currently running on Trezor Safe 5, Safe 3 and Model T.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firmware currently running on Model T and the Trezor Safe family.
```
so that we don't have to touch this for a while? :)

Author: better, thanks. Can someone take over? 🙏🏻
